Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So tell us exactly what happened
well we went over to my room
yes
and I took off my clothes
ok
And then I took his clothes off
go on
and then we did it
how many times?
I don't know, once maybe twice
he was doing okay
then what happened
well then he told me he was broke and could
I give him a break
what'd you do next?
Well I went over to the closet
and I took out a sexual enhancement device
And is this the device?
Yeah that's it
then what did you do?
I'll show ya
(music)
every time I look out my window it hits me
Los Angeles, the city of the angels
I'd like to meet the sick son of a bitch that
thought that one up
he must've had one wicked sense of humor
things had been relatively quiet until the
middle of June
I say relatively as in relative to any giant
sewer
that has 8 million rats scrurrying around
looking for something to gnaw on
now that's the kind of quiet that makes L.A.
the kind of place it is
Anyway
Around mid-June someone must have turned over
a big rock
because something weirder than the normal
weird began chewing up the local citizenry
and spitting little pieces all over Glitter
City
Where it started or exactly when I'm not sure
I don't think the cops even know
but on a warm night, not long enough ago to
suit me, things were beginning to take shape
somewhere on the other side of town
and it wasn't gonna be a pretty picture
The West Side Bar
the kind of dark, quiet, sleazy place where
dark, quiet, sleazy things happen on a regular
basis
every now and then, someone dies
you from around here?
Yeah
where you from?
Seattle
just down here for a few weeks on a job
me too
what's your name, Seattle?
Bo.
Bo Hansen
Bo, Bo Hansen?
What are you, a circus clown?
Not Bobo, just Bo
my name, smart ass.
Bo Hansen
well
look who got up on the wrong side of the construction
site this morning
what you need is some TFC to calm you down
TFC?
What the hell is TFC?
It's Tender Fucking Care you big stiff
you're a hooker, aren't you?
Hey you moron
I'm a lady
any jerk can see that
but I do, occasionally, provide services to
release tension in our city's workforce
a social worker of sorts
God knows you could use some social work
something got ya down, don't it baby?
Yeah
but I don't wanna talk about it
why don't you let Momma Mercedes buy you a
drink at her place
it's cheaper there
I doubt that
Oh come on, Bo
you could tell me how they sink those big
girders in all that wet cement
Mercedes, huh?
Man I bet you're as expensive as a fuckin
Mercedes Benz
don't you worry about that
for big studs like you I can arrange financing
what do ya say?
Ah fuck it, come on let's go
this is your place?
Yeah...
Howard Hughes left it to me when he died
haven't seen anything like this since I left
Okinawa
Ooh, a military man
Drill Instructor
now we're talking
have a seat
ya know, you construction workers really turn
me on
must be the way we... pound nails
I'll bet you pound a bucket-full a day
Sometimes
you want some music?
It's your party
it's OUR party
he really sends me
yeah, nice
real nice
this music does something to me
sometimes I get carried away
want one?
Oh, talk about stiff joints!
Oh yeah
relax baby, relax
we don't want this to be over before we even
get started, do we?
I'm relaxin, I'm relaxin
I've got just the thing to loosen you up
now close your eyes
and Mercedes will bring you a big surprise
what are you doing?
Just keep those eyes closed
and leave the driving to us, big boy
oh yeah
oh yeah baby that's it
oh drag me to heaven
take me to heaven
Your request is my demand!
Oh no!
Oh nooooo!
(screaming)
pieces started floating to the surface of
the sewer around mid-June
cops immediately thought a serial killer was
at large
well the M.O. was consistent, somebody liked
a good chainsaw
but murder's not usually my racket
my name's Jack Chandler
I find missing people, not pieces
Once in a while, the two jobs overlap
I'd been hired to find a runaway teenage beauty
from Oxnard
I was hired by the beauty's mother
Seems the beauty's stepfather had been tucking
her into bed a little too tight and she decided
to split to the big city
personally, I felt she couldn't be doing any
worse than the deal she had at home
As usual, I was 100% wrong
Harrison at metro had a freaked out girl that
matched that description of my runaway in
custody
the charge: makin McNuggets with a chainsaw
I don't give a good God damn
now you listen to me, put the gloves on, open
the bag,
that's right, and count 'em again
Jackson, you're the coroner, if your stomach
can't handle it, who's can?
I don't care how many lunches you lose
I wanna know how many victims are in that
bag and I wanna know soon or I'll find another
coroner!
How's business, Mick?
Chandler.
Just what I need today, a private dick in
my face
Come on Mick, let's have a little professional
courtesy, huh?
After all, we're both on the same side of
the law
Only because you haven't been caught, yet
now you don't wanna believe all those things
you read in those dime novels, do ya?
Some of us are honest
that's what this town's been needing for a
long time, an honest dick
I'll tell ya, I'm about as honest as any man
on the force
then you should be locked up
what do you want, Jack?
Looking for a girl
name's Samantha Kelso
goes by Sam sometimes
I heard you had somebody down in lock up,
looks just like her
thought I might get lucky
you mean the nut with the chainsaw?
You get a name on her yet?
Nah, the boys in interrogation screwed up
big time
they thought the sight of the murder weapon
might shock her into spilling her guts
only problem was they forgot to take the gas
out of it
and she spilled their guts instead
she's a first class looney
and we have no way of I.D.ing her so far
can I see her?
What the hell... why not?
Have some men bring the Cuisinart queen in
from lock up
thanks, Mick
no problem.
So, what's the story on this one?
You know, typical runaway.
Daddy bounces her on the wrong knee one too
many times, she goes searching for a new daddy
town's full of 'em
yeah?
Daddies or runaways?
Both.
And I thought I was burned out
bring her in
you can wait outside the door.
Yes sir
sit down
hello
Hi
well?
Close, but no cigar
what's your name, sweetheart?
Lori, what's yours?
Jack.
You from around here Lori?
Uh-huh
You ever been to Oxnard?
No but I've been around the world a few times
you ever seen this girl?
What's the matter, chainsaw got your tongue?
You guys are kinda cute
both of ya
say, how'd you two boys like to take a little
trip with Lori, huh?
All you gotta do is pick my lock
forget it, psycho
Officer Roberts, escort this freak back to
lock up
Oooh talk tough to me daddy, it turns me on
get her outta here, now!
Let's go
see ya later, boys
don't bet on it
tough break, Chandler
Nah, nah no sweat
I'd have been worried if it was really her,
that woulda been too easy
yeah
what?
Sir, they just brought something in that you
might want to take a look at, it's down at
the lab
Okay I'll head down that way
Never ends.
I'll walk with ya
yeah, ok
set of keys, lip balm, mascara looks like,
and uh
what do ya got?
The boys on the beat found this stuff on the
sidewalk
dog was playing with it
let's see it
this from uptown?
No sir, they found it in West L.A.
get some prints off those and run 'em through
the computer
yes sir
let me know when you find the rest of 'em
sir! There's something else in here, stuck
to the bottom
what is it?
A matchbook
no shit!
Could it be a clue?
Everything's a clue, son
well, uh, see you around guys
hey Harrison, wait for me
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't shake
that girl Lori off my mind
her face, her voice
the way she looked at us
it all kept bugging me, but it wasn't getting
me any closer to finding Samantha Kelso
neither was coming here, but it made me feel
better
this is where Sally lives, Sally's my girl,
sort of
deep down I felt there was some connection
between that chainsaw-happy chick and my missing
girl
I saw the look in her eyes when she saw Samantha's
picture
she knew her from somewhere
and the cops had come up with another victim,
or at least part of him
maybe there was another killer out there
just maybe
Something told me to pinch the matches when
I first saw them
someone had scrawled a number inside the matches
and a name, Mercedes
had the guy been trying to buy a car and wound
up in a used parts department himself?
Sally was out like a light
but the night was still young so I decided
to get back to work
being a dick is a 24-hour a day job
where the fuck do you think you're going now?
Sally woke up and had that longing look in
her eye
begged me not to leave, but I told her I had
a dangerous job I had to go on
and she understood, she wished me well, threw
me a kiss
what can I tell ya, the kid just loved me
I told her I'd be real careful and I'd come
back as soon as I could
tears welled up in her eyes as I walked out
the door
meanwhile, across town
are you Lisa?
Yeah
you Hermie Beamer?
Just call me Herman
yeah, alright
okay Hermie, what do you got to drink around
here?
Is sour mash alright?
It'll do
for a start
what's in the suitcase?
24 inches of fun
I beg your pardon?
Toys, for big boys
oh
so tell me Hermie, what's on your beady little
mind?
Well, I um, would like to take some pictures
nude
that's doable
it's not for me, for my business
Hermie, you're not going to sell naked pictures
of me on the street...
no!
I wouldn't do that
this is for a calendar, advertising my product
and what exactly is it that you sell?
Baseball bats
nude calendars for baseball bats...
all the little leaguers just love 'em
church groups do, too
ok Hermie, it's your ballgame
let's see if you can go the whole 9 innings
hold it, hold it
oh great!
Oh great, bring back... oh
hold it
oh yes, that's perfect
just hold that
perfect
oh that's really good
why are you coming so close?
I can't keep it in focus
I can't do it if you come this close!
Well Hermie, it looks like your calendar idea
was ahead of it's time
while Herman's evening may have been... cut
short... mine was just getting started
I came back to my office to dial the number
on the matchbook
it rang a long time, something deep inside
me hoped there'd be no answer
no such luck.
A woman picked up the phone
she said she was selling, but not a car
Mercedes was her name
low miles, built for comfort not speed
I played it cool and agreed to meet her at
the West Side for a drink
after I hung up I began to wonder if the finger
prints on the matchbook would turn out to
be hers
another death by dismemberment in the news
tonight, this brings the total up to 5 over
the last 2 weeks
Detective Harrison of the metro division made
a statement this afternoon attributing the
most recent death to an accident
the guy was just cleaning his chainsaw when
it went off
yeah sure, maybe it was a suicide
I didn't believe Harrison's theory any more
than the d.j. did, but I understood it
I knew what the police statement was all about
it was just a little fairy tale to help the
kids sleep at night
at the time I was a lot more concerned about
meeting this mysterious dame alone than what
the radio had to say about the chainsaw killer
if I was on the trail of one of these psychos,
I wanted to make sure I didn't end up in a
paper bag
like the last guy who lit these matches
who knows, maybe I'd get lucky and the dame
could lead me to Samantha Kelso and I could
wrap up the case
nice and clean and pay last month's rent
little Jack lucky
that's what they called me
yeah... sure...
it didn't look like my date had arrived yet,
I wasn't quite sure who I was looking for
all Mercedes said was that her headlights
were great
I decided to get a drink and bug the bar hop
a little
What'll it be, pal?
Bourbon, with a bourbon chaser
think I'll have to write that down
I decided to flash the missing girl's picture
around while I waited
first I showed him Samantha Kelso's photo
then I showed him a picture of a chainsaw
I'd torn out of a magazine at Sally's place
still nothing
then I showed him how to make a shadow bunny
on the wall
nothing phased this guy
I hope you haven't been waiting long
no I... just got here
you're uh...
Mercedes
oh, how'd you pick me out?
You're the only man in here
buy you a drink?
Yeah, first let's get a table
okay
So, tell me, uh...
Jack
Jack, so tell me Jack
how did you come by my number?
An acquaintance of mine passed it on to me
yeah, he said that he was very very happy
with the
headlights and upholstery
Jack?
Yeah
I'm going to fuck your brains out
I didn't like the sound of that
Well I'll get the drinks
oh, don't bother
this one's on me
besides, I know the bartender personally
he might get mad if I don't come by to say
hello
oh yeah, he's a real social kind of guy
Mercedes certainly seemed to have her engine
racing
but that didn't make her guilty of murder,
if that was the case the whole town would
be in trouble
of course that didn't rule her out, either
I looked over at the little number on the
stage
she was shaking it pretty good, even if no
one was watching
you could've knocked me over with a pubic
hair
there she was, Samantha Kelso
humping it out on that little stage for anyone
who could stick a buck down her pants
maybe my luck had started to change
I checked the photo to make sure
it was her all right.
A little slinkier and a little more seasoned
than when the picture was taken, but then
city life will do that to a dish like her
warning bells started going off in my head
so I decided to put in a call to Harrison
if there were going to be fireworks, I wanted
to make sure my friends in blue were invited
to the party
Hello Metro?
You have reached the metropolitan police homicide
division.
All operators are currently busy.
Please hold.
Your call will be answered in the order it
was received.
If you have committed a recent homicide, please
stay on the line.
We want very much to hear from you.
If you are currently in fear of becoming a
homicide in the next few minutes, you may
want to hang up and dial 911 for immediate
service
Thank you
Damn answering machines!
I didn't have time to wait for the metro boys
to get around to my call
my date was back
I'm sorry, I had to go wash up it's kind of
a rough day
well, let's hope that your evening goes a
little smoother
yeah, let's hope
are you looking for someone, Jack?
Hmm?
It's not nice to make your date jealous
oh I'm sorry, just this habit I have.
I'm sort of a people watcher
well, I like to participate more than spectate
well, different strokes for different folks,
that's what makes a superbowl
what's that you're driking, anyway?
It's a Screaming Orgasm
somehow I knew it would be...
I just love intelligent men
yeah, I'm kind of an... noticing that you're
kind of... you're...
I'm a real scream once you get to know me
Oh yeah, little Jack lucky, that's what they
should call me alright
I've got more luck than anyone should have
a right to
unfortunately, it's all bad
oh well, I guess I should've been looking
at the glass instead of the ass, that'll teach
me
Yeah, sure it will
if my head wasn't hurting so much I'd have
sworn I was in heaven
heaven for guys who liked big tits
but my head was hurting, and I wasn't in heaven
I wasn't even close
don't say a thing
lie back, be still
you've been through a terrible ordeal
what happened?
On my way home tonight I found you in the
gutter
I thought you were dead
well I guess I'm lucky you bumped over me,
huh?
Lot of people wouldn't have had the nerve
to do that
I'm so glad you didn't die on me
that would've been awful
yeah... where am I exactly anyway?
In my apartment
do you remember what happened?
I was in a bar with a beautiful girl having
a drink, and all of a sudden lights out
is that it?
That's all I remember.
Sorry it's not a very exciting story
well, I was looking through your wallet for
a little identification
you're a detective
private eye, I trace missing persons mostly
that must be very exciting
oh yeah, it's a barrel of laughs
I thought you might be chasing after some
murderers or kidnappers or something
no nothing that spectacular, just a teenage
runaway
somewhere along the line I must've slipped
on a piece of shit and landed in here with
you
why don't you call the police?
Well I tried, couldn't get through
oh I'm so glad Jack
because I have you all to myself now
for a moment there I thought I was paralyzed,
then I noticed, my hands and feet were tied
sister, what's with the bondage routine here
I just didn't want you running away before
I could get to know you better
well that was it
I'd been played for a 14 karat gold plated
goof one more time
if there was an award for suckers given out
annually I'd have to buy a bigger mantle piece
now girls, girls, ordinarily this would be
a real picnic for me
but see, I've been seeing this other lady
recently
we're sort of going steady you know, so somehow
I don't feel right about this
how dare you act like a pack of wild animals
in my presence
we didn't hear you come in
we were just preparing him
no kidding.
Get out
till I call for you
Well I'm sure lucky you showed up when you
did
don't be so sure
Ilsa
now now honey not in front of the guest
you don't have to do that, I took a bath only
yesterday
whoa!
We're very honored to have you here, Mr. Chandler
cut it out, cut it out
let me rephrase that...
ahhh!
Please Mr. Chandler, think of the neighbors
they're trying to sleep
very good work Ilsa
there, I think that's clean enough
you see, you've stumbled on us at a very bad
time Jack
bad for you, that is
better?
That's the biggest bra I ever tasted
you're an amusing fellow
it's a shame we won't have more time to chat
oh yeah?
I got plenty of time, I don't have another
appointment till noon tomorrow
I'm afraid you'll have to cancel that, you'll
be otherwise engaged at that time
I suppose you are wondering what's going on
huh, no, seems typical to me
but I will admit that the sight of that chainsaw
on the nightstand has my curiosity piqued
it's a very important part of our religion
oh.. sort of a means to an end, so to speak
much more than that
it is the cosmic link by which all things
are united
oh really?
See I would've thought it was the other way
around
doesn't seem like you kids have been doing
much uniting of anything around here lately
Just what is it you think we have been doing?
The way I see it, you guys have got this black
market body part transplant business
where you take the arms and legs of young
studs and you give 'em to rich old fucks who
can't hack it anymore
you know, sort of a love "em and cleave 'em"
racket
with a little quality control department on
the side
the girls?
Yeah yeah these high powered vacuum pumps
with tits
an imaginative theory, but you're way off
the mark
these women are actually my minions, my disciples
oh yeah?
What are you, the high priest kind of character
or somethin?
What is this, some ancient chainsaw worshiping
cult?
Actually, that"s just what it is
oh yeah?
What do you do, pray to Black & Decker?
Our religion has it's roots in the Egypt of
my ancestors
come on, they didn't have chainsaws back then
but there were the chainsaws of the gods
there are many things that modern man has
failed to understand
our cult needs sacrifices, human sacrifices,
frequently
the blade of the saw purifies the evil flesh
and makes it holy
to please our god
and this is that big night for you huh?
That really special sacrifice when you get
the chance to live for another hundred years
or so, right?
How do you know this?
I read about it in the Enquirer
so what are you gonna do now?
You gonna hack us up right here?
Nothing so archaic Mr. Chandler.
We're gonna take you to our temple downtown
Makes for a much nicer ceremony
Well a lot can happen between here and Chop
City, big fella
perhaps you're right, better cut him up now
No wait!
Buddy!
It was just a joke.
I really wouldn't do that, actually I'd probably
enjoy being in the ceremony you know?
Come to think of it, I haven't been to church
in weeks
maybe I'd learn something
little late for that
we can't trust you to behave yourself
you're making a big mistake here now
I bet your god would get off on a heathen
soul like mine
don't you worry about that
This isn't an official ceremony, he will know
what are we supposed to do?
All right!
Let's get to it!
Don't we get to (moaning) first?
Nah, it's almost time for Letterman
hey wait a minute...
hey I thought you said you were going to fuck
my brains out
oh I was!
But this is much faster!
Hey kid!
How about helping me out, huh?
You're the reason I got into this mess
all I was trying to do was deliver a message
from your mother
I wasn't planning on turning into a deli platter
is this absolutely necessary?
I mean don't they have hors d'oeuvres back
at the temple?
Time to say goodnight!
Damn!
We're out of gas
you idiot!
I told you to stop at Texaco on the way here
well, come on there's a mini mart right down
the street
ok
Samantha, you stay here and watch this guy
hey pick me up a slushie while you're at it,
will ya?
Cherry, if they've got it
you're not gonna let 'em use that oversize
veg-o-matic on me, are ya?
Untie me and I'll take you home to mom
I don't want to go home
it's ok, she kicked out your stepfather, he's
not gonna bother you anymore
mom kicked Mike out of the house?
You seem upset, I thought that'd be good news
no, I kinda liked Mike
I thought he was the reason that you...
Shhh!
We can't talk
now
listen up, those sickos killed a friend of
mine up in Oxnard
she told me all about them before she disappeared
she was hanging out with them and everything
was nice and innocent
just some religious freakiness
but then they found her head in a garbage
can
and I knew what had happened so I followed
this freak and his whores down to L.A.
to infiltrate their group so I could get revenge
on these fuckers
I didn't want my mom to know what I was doing
I figured she'd try to ground me or something
but I didn't know she'd blame it on Mike
I didn't think you had time to talk!
We don't, we don't have time to talk but
not if you wanna save your scalp
ok kid, you're the boss
what's next?
You get the hell out of here
I'm not leaving you now
I can't go with you, they're taking me to
the temple tonight to be the prime sacrifice
somehow I don't think mom would like that
too much
I have no intentions of being chopped up,
I'm gonna burn that temple over those fuckers'
heads
you got a lot of guts for a little girl
great dancer, too
thanks!
The only thing is, you're not thinking clearly
see, cause the minute those chainsaw chicks
get back and see that you let me go
they're gonna start hacking into you real
good
I can take care of myself
listen sister, your mother paid me to come
and get you and bring you back in one piece
and I'm not leaving here without you
you talk pretty tough when you're untied
don't make me use force, kid
I said I'm staying!
It took a while, but I finally found my car
stashed on the side of the motel
keys in it and everything
guess I'm lucky it wasn't stolen
well I'd found Samantha Kelso
but she'd led me to something even bigger
I'd stumbled into the middle of an evil, insidious
cult of chainsaw worshiping maniacs
I had to wonder if we'd let our religious
freedom go too far in this country
or maybe our immigration laws were just too
lax
I've never been much for politics, but I kept
thinking about that pretty girl's warm head
on my lap and
then I wondered how many other pretty girls
would never be able to put their heads
on my lap because they'd been cut off by that
refugee from the BTL club and his slice-happy
sluts
I started to get mad
my first instinct was to go straight to the
cops
but that was all the way across town, and
there was no guarantee they were gonna believe
me
So I decided to stop by my office and pick
up some supplies
I decided to call Harrison at home even though
he made me promise never to do that
I just didn't feel like listening to the homo
squad's answering machine again
You've reached the home of homicide detective
Mick Harrison, I'm not here at the moment
but you might be able to reach me at the metro
homicide division
if you care to leave a message, wait for the
beep
unless you're Jack Chandler, in which case
you can hang up Jack
I told you a hundred times not to call me
at home!
Yeah Harrison this is Jack Chandler, I know
I'm not supposed to call you at home
but this is really, really important
I just found out your chainsaw killer is not
working alone
there's a whole pack of 'em and they're being
led by some crazed chainsaw worshiping priest
I'll fill you in on the details later, alright?
Look, meanwhile get down to the Purdone lane
area
they've got some kind of warehouse there they've
turned into a sacrificial temple
they're gonna have a big party tonight and
we're all invited
Oh and Mick, bring your own beer
oh god, what happened?
Where are we?
We're in my office
pretty neat place, huh?
Yeah...
god the sacrifice will begin soon, we gotta
get to the temple
no no, just stay right here.
You're in no condition to go anywhere
I feel like I've been hit with a brick
Yeah sorry I had to cold cock you like that
that's okay, you did what you had to do
you know maybe you could make up for it...
wait wait
wait a minute.. ohhh
how old are you kid?
You got any proof of I.D.?
I left it at home
private dick, huh?
I shoulda known better, there's no such thing
in Hollywood
who was that?
Well that was Sally
She was my girl, sort of
Sorry
it's alright
You mean to tell me your mother had no idea
why you left?
I guess not
well, I told you I liked Mike, and I didn't
mind the fact that he liked me back
except for my mom, I felt kinda bad for her
of course
Oh yeah, of course
but it was really a bitch that she got the
wrong idea and kicked Mike out
well from where I'm sitting, I think Mike
could've used some kicking
yeah I think you're right
it was crummy the way he treated her
he should've respected her
oh yeah, like you did
what?
C'mon, you're a swell kid, you oughtta be
skipping rope in some school yard right now
instead of on this wild goose chase
this is dangerous you know
are you afraid?
Afraid?
Ha.
Let me tell you something sister I've been
shot, almost, 5 times
I didn't tell you how they found my friend
in that trash can, did I?
In fact a couple times I was almost stabbed
besides being chainsawed, five times
they had taken skin and torn it along her
jaws
taken her eyes and gouged them till they hit
her chin
all the skin on her mouth was cut and looked
like she was laughing
but she really wasn't
shut up, will ya!
Don't you wanna hear the worst part?
No!
That kid talked like a frosted flake
but she had the nicest set of knockers that
I'd seen in a long time
don't you have any idea what this place looks
like?
They never told me.
I don't know, I think it has something to
do with importing and exporting
Oh yeah, the old in out routine
Jeez, you wish they'd have some kind of a
sign
Look, there!
This could be it...
wow!
Listen, you sure you want to get involved
in this?
You wouldn't believe the things I've done
to get this far
C'mon, let's check this place out, quietly
gotcha
Gotta be some good way into this place, we
just gotta keep looking
I am right behind you
Jack?
Yeah?
I'm scared
listen kid, this is no time to start thinking
about some 3-foot long chainsaw slicing up
your midsection
besides, I got a gun right here and they don't
even know we're here
nobody heard that
alright, one lousy guy
things aren't working out exactly the way
I planned
at least we're together
yeah, let's hope we can keep it that way
shut up!
I am so sorry I got you involved in this
you know, you're kinda cute
even though you do talk funny
thanks
I think
yeah you're kinda cute too
especially those beautiful...
ah thanks...
girls!
How's it hanging?
We'll find out... soon enough
have you ever considered therapy?
I'm going to enjoy splattering you
Hostile, very hostile
but a great set of...
Yeah, I know
Samantha, how you disappointed the Master
fuck off, slut
now your true nature is revealed
my how you deceived us
you killed a good friend of mine, Jenny Lynn,
remember?
Jenny Lynn?
Jenny Lynn!
Oh yes, she was a snooty little bitch just
like you
and we had fun with her
you're gonna pay for what you did!
Sweet...
what's that?
You've been very naughty, Samantha, but our
Master's going to give you one more chance
to redeem yourself
She's not a book of stamps!
Shut your face, heathen.
She will redeem herself, to eternity
oh come on!
I'm sure you've been stuck by worse than that
tonight
and I hope you enjoyed your little piece because
it will be your last
and now it's your turn to be a piece, or should
I say, pieces
well I guess it all depends on the context
Hey Sam you alright?
What was in that needle?
The blood of our ancestors
what are you doing, where are you taking her?
Don't worry, you'll be together again soon
you're going to be our special guest tonight
yeah, and our human sacrifice
terrific
so good of you to drop by Mr. Chandler
you saved us the unpleasant task of having
to go get you
Well I'm glad I could be of some help
you're going to make an excellent offering
to our gods
you know Ive been doing a lot of thinking
about that lately, I've come to the conclusion
that this building isn't zoned for human sacrifices
you guys could get in a whole lot of trouble
for doing this
I think it's time somebody cut you down to
size, Jack.
Oh Horace, great god of the heavens, look
down upon us, your faithful servants
unworthy in your eyes, let us praise your
greatness this night, with our feast of the
dead
accept our humble offering, that we might
live on to serve and praise you for years
to come
come forward, high priestess of Anubis
come forth and serve thy master
go forth, go to the faithful they may taste
the blood of Anubis
the blood is the life
Tonight, oh Horace, we offer you a new disciple
a fresh, untouched flower to adorn the crown
of the gods
we, your humble slaves, offer you the virgin
dance of the double chainsaws
Prepare to meet Anubis
yeah well I'll just scurry on home and slip
into my tux
C'mon, step on it!
I am Chief, I am!
Can't you go any faster?
You know Cheif, this is last year's model
got bald tires, needs a tune-up
god damn it, it would've been faster with
my Volkswagen
next time take your damn Volkswagen
You know, when I was a kid I used to have
the same problem with my old man's lawnmower
he used to get the same expression on his
face
oh shut up!
Hey, what's with Sam?
She looks kinda distant
ah, she's one with the gods
yeah well that and a quart of oil will start
your buzz saw
in your hands you hold the chainsaw of the
gods
use it wisely
kill him!
Kill him!
Now Sam, you're not still sore about that
headbutt are ya?
C'mon have a heart!
Way to go!
Talk about cutting it close!
For a minute there I thought you were gonna
turn me into chop suey
Well I should have!
Maybe my luck's changed at last
this must be the place
I think you're right chief
go round them up, I'm gonna go look for Jack
Chandler
and you boys behave yourselves
alright, let's catch as many as we can!
Damn Chandler, what the hell happened?
Glad you could make it, you're a little late
what took you so long?
Letterman was on, he had some pretty damn
good guests
how many times have I told ya, buy a VCR!
You can tape those things
crime rate in this town would probably go
down 10%
then they'd lay me off
how'd you find us?
Boys had their eye on this bunch for a long
time now
we thought they were just smuggling illegal
artifacts
but after your phone call, pieces all started
to fall into place
you always know what to say, Mick
aren't you going to introduce me to your lady
friend there?
Yeah, Mick this is Samantha Kelso, girl I
showed you the picture of
Glad to meet you miss Kelso, you're even prettier
than your photograph
Hey Mick, you mind if I fill out the report
tomorrow?
I could use a little sack time
sure Jack, you look like you need the rest
Look they're gone!
And that just about wraps it up for this case.
It sounds a lot more complicated than it really
was
hard to believe it all took place in a couple
of measly nights back in June when somebody
paid me a few bucks
to find their missing daughter
I thought I should put all this down on paper
because they never did find the guy that called
himself the Master
I don't wanna appear paranoid or anything,
I just get a creepy feeling
when I think about that guy.
I mean sure, I saw Sam give him an unscheduled
appendectomy
but something deep down inside tells me we
haven't seen the last of him.
I hope I'm wrong
Huh, I usually am.
This time I'd be glad to be wrong, but if
I'm not and something happens to Sam or me
I just thought there should be a record of
what we went through
maybe it can be of help to someone in the
future who might run into another chainsaw
cult
I'm sure there are others.
Oh yeah, as for Sam, she's a big girl, her
mother was happy when she heard Sam was safe
and I needed a secretary, like a hole in the
head
but she's a nice kid so maybe I'll let her
stay around a while
besides, she's got a great set of tits.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org